Let me die, how dare you go to His Majesty's hot springs.
Then you laughed at me.
Your Majesty, please give me the order.
Bi killed him immediately. If you really think so, I wouldn’t dare to kill you.
What do you think? Then the palace sects of these three kingdoms,
I once asked Yiyue Chang, the Emperor Longqi of the Three Kingdoms.
The moon leader said, there are only five people in love with us.
Xiaoxiao, you said that the length of the moon is courage,
Still passionate. I feel like you could kill me for a fact.
But the function of the Han Dynasty had just been established to support the country,
The government will perform functions, but it will also be too important.
If this is the case, then I will resign.
She has prepared what I want
By the way, tell your majesty something
I want to underestimate a father's love for his children
And this kind of love is not enough for two people
long time no see
After hearing that Brother Wu returned from victory, he was shocked
This king is specially for Brother Wu
Cut it out
Your prince is quite refreshing
But I am better than no brothers and sisters
I know why brother Wu is anxious to come back
You caught Xinran
Brother Wu, don’t talk nonsense.
I won’t tell Brother Wu
I don't know where he is
But the news is still green
I didn’t know I would lose a lot of years